The Shopping List - Arthur F. Kingfish

-------------------------------------------

"Hello Serge, do you wish to go shopping?" 

The man asking was a friend from high school. I knew him well. I knew what color he liked his items to be. I knew he didn't like to wait in line. He was an impulse shopper. He liked to buy things that spoke to him. He did not like to talk. "No, not for now Geralt. I shall just sleep for I am too tired from the shopping." 

"Ah yes, no problems. I shall prepare my coupons for tomorrow. Have a good rest." Geralt left the squat apartment barely big enough to fit Serge's bed, a kitchenette, and a bathroom. 

In every corner were boxes. Some opened, some unopened. Serge sighed and sat upon the bed turning to the monitor hung on the wall. "In the news tonight. Shopping, are you doing enough? We speak to several economists to determine if the people of Americazia are buying enough things." The monitor droned on as I nodded off to sleep. I was not interested in shopping, only dreams. 

I dreamt of a place where a person is not held accountable for the safety of his peers. In this place a person could work, often with their hands, to create things no one else did. Ah, how I think of this place. To make things again. Real things. Things that matter that you can hold in your hand and say, "why yes, this is a thing". 

You could show people your thing and they would say "Oh but I could never make such a thing", and it would be true for they could not without great effort. 

In the morning Geralt picks me up for work. When it is time for work not shopping you must always be aware of people. I must wear the work suit, which is not comfortable and makes you look like a worker. I dislike it very much but it is a good suit for doing work I guess. 

It is made by the store. Everything is made by the store. After work we will go to the store to go shopping. 

This day at work was different. Upper management was here. This was always a bad news. 

Worse even, they brought security. Someone would be evicted. This was not good. When you are evicted you cannot go shopping. Everyone needs to go shopping so those who are evicted must rely on themselves more. They are sent to the factory where they cannot leave and must make things for the store. 

"Who did this? Who made this thing?" Everyone looked away. No one dared even look at the thing that was made. We didn't want to get any ideas. 

The man yelling was the district manager. He manages the whole district of workers like me. We clean things. There are many of us. In fact, most workers clean things. It is necessary for shopping. We stood there in our work suits worrying that we may not get a chance to work. If we can't work, we can't go shopping. 

"It was me. I made the thing." The woman who stood up was not in a work suit. She was our boss Amy. Amy was nice. She let us go shopping on our phones on break and would not write us up if we took off the work suit for a moment to get fresh air. 

"You made this thing? You had better have a good reason." The man snarled and held the item high as security shook their fists at it. 

"No, I just really wanted to make it. I know it is not allowed. I do not care." 

"Insolence. Evict her at once." Everyone stood in silence as they dragged her away. She screamed for us to help her. To come to her aid becase she knew that many of us had seen the thing she made and had thought it was a good thing. We all just wanted to go shopping at that moment, that, and to not get evicted. 

"I can't believe you. Why would you do this? You knew it was coming and you just are going to watch them take me. These are OUR STREETS! THIS IS OUR CITY!" No one responded. Amy struggled and slipped out of the grip of one of the security officers. 

She grabbed at his waist but before she could lay a hand on his gun the second officer fired every round in his gun into her and reloaded. 

"Please go back to work. For your obedience everyone will gain 500 extra shopper points if they go to the store today". Everyone started murmuring amongs themselves and went to work. 

Our new boss introduced himself to us later that day. The new boss was not nice like Amy. 

I could not let what happened to Amy go. I found a shopping pad and a pencil and began to write my thoughts. This was something that I had done for a little while, but hadn't put that much effort into. However, I felt like now might be the time to take it seriously.

"What do you think Serge? Do you think this is good for me to buy?" Geralt held a shirt up in front of him. It looked like a thousand shirts I had seen before. 

"Yes Geralt. It is good. It is your color. This means it is good. Do you have your coupon?" 

"Ah, you know I have coupons, but I will need to buy more to use them." 

"Yes, let us go shopping Geralt." 

Shopping was more fun than working. In fact, shopping was the most fun. Unlike those things like the savages of old used to do. Those things may have been fun, but honestly just seems scary. I am glad that they made those things illegal. 

They would have large gatherings without their breathing masks. Sometimes they would touch each other, or their faces. Sometimes they would be in large groups together listening to people talk about things they made and their ideas. I think of those times and I just get worried. 

How could they do that without being afraid? Don't they know they could hurt someone? 

Still, even though I was afraid. I wrote on. I knew that I could do something. 

Maybe I could make a thing that could help people. Not like a real thing like Amy. That's too risky. It would need to be subtle. Like words. In case someone finds out I could say that it is actually just my shopping list. After a few months in secret I felt like it was done. 

I had to show someone. "Geralt, I bought a thing the other day and I wanted you to see it." 

"Serge, I love it when people buy me things! That's my second favorite thing!" 

"Oh? What is your first favorite comrade?" 

"Haha, shopping of course!" I showed my story to Serge and he seemed confused. 

"You bought this thing?" 

"Yes", I replied. "I bought this thing. It was uh... It is notes from a shopping tutorial." 

"Ah yes, I have watched these to know what to buy." Geralt took a moment to read it. His facial expression went from playful to deadly serious. I watched him attempt to process the words I had placed on the paper. 

"Serge..." he said softly. "Serge, this is amazing. Where did you buy it? Are there more? I must have it." 

It was not long before Geralt had shown everyone the thing that I 'bought'. Soon everyone too was asking where they could buy such things. I said I know where it is in the store, but it is very far and you would not want to travel this distance. 

They agreed and soon I was selling my things to them. 

It was great. With the extra money I went to the better part of the store where usually it is too expensive for me. However, the more they wanted to buy, the more I had to write. Soon it became too much and I had to stop going out to shop as much. Geralt became concerned as to why I wasn't shopping and I said I was not feeling good. 

This was a mistake as he immediately notified the boss who put me onto quarantine. While in quarantine my coworkers tried to seek out the store from which I bought the things, and soon it was found that there were no such things to buy. 

I was in quarantine when they took me. T

he people on the monitors yelled "Look at him, he wants to murder everyone!" They showed pictures of me without my shopping mask. This is illegal, but the picture was not taken while I was shopping. 

They said that I had been seen without the mask. "This is a menace to society. He doesn't want you to shop. He doesn't want you to be safe. He wants to hurt you and poison you with the things he made." 

They took me away to the factory.

The factory was terrible. It reminded me of my apartment in a way, but everything was from the discount stores. 

These stores only had items which the other stores did not want. There were still many items to choose from, so you could still spend your time shopping when not at work. However in the discount stores all the items were cheap and would break easily. Usually in different ways. So everyone in the factory had things which would only work sometimes and they had to go shopping even more when they broke. 

At least in the city you could look at the nice things and see how they worked. I slept uncomfortably that night and spent most of it lying on my discount bed looking at my discount monitor. 

I thought I would never see nice things again. Everyone knows all the nice things are at the nice stores but here in the factory we only have the discount stores. 

I was very sad until the next day. Amy came to visit me. I did not expect to be sent to the same factory as her, because it was very rare as there are many. 

"I heard about the things you made. We have some here. People have been copying them and sharing it." She smiled. 

I could not believe it. She liked my story? The thing I made? People were copying it? Risking death here in the factory over some words? 

"Here, I made you this." She handed me something small in a hand-knit cloth. 

I unwrapped the cloth and looked at what was inside. In my hands was a stick of charcoal, carved into a pencil and a roll of receipt paper. 

"You made this... for me?" "Yes", she said. "I want to know how it ends."
